I got my ticket for the
long way round two bottle whiskey for
the way and I sure would like some sweet
company and I'm leaving tomorrow what do
you say when I'm gone when I'm gone when
I'm gone you're gonna miss me when I'm
gone you're gonna miss me by my hair
you're gonna miss me when I'm gone
password fart noise did you not see the
parentheses could be the Hamming that
man sandwich let's go
the World Championships of acapella
where every four years the best from
around the globe compete for world
domination
no American team has ever won that's
because they hate us whole world the
whole world
we're gonna kick your ass I'm sorry I
don't speak no say what did you say she
actually speaks eight languages but
loser is not one of them I will do
whoever it takes in order for us to get
back to the top you mean whatever it
takes
yeah I'll do that to every Bella must
christen the house by sliding down the
staircase let me show you crushed it you
just kiddin would you like to have sex
later okay you said no but you ain't so
that's a no then 100% No